Part One: Solidify Terminology
In your own terms, define the following terms:

What is HTTP? Hypertext Transfer Protocol. Protocol sets how server and browser communicate
=>s: Hyper Text Transfer Protocol is governs how clients get data from, or send data to, a server.
What is a URL? Uniform Resource Locator. indicates the location of web resorces instead of IP address
What is DNS? It's like phonebook. DNS translates domain names to IP addresses so browsers can load Internet resources. s: this is a system that takes human-readable URLs and converts them into IP addresses.


What is a query string? Provide Extra informatin like search terms etc. s: The query string allows you to pass key-value pairs into the URL, in the format ?key1=value1&key2=value2...
What are two HTTP verbs and how are they different? get => get information to server. post => send inforamtion to server.
What is an HTTP request? HTTP request is made to request information from server.
What is an HTTP response? HTTP response is sent by server to responding to HTTP request.
What is an HTTP header? Give a couple examples of request and response headers you have seen. 
=>header provide additional inforamtion.
Headers provide additional information about the request or the response. Here are some examples:
Request headers: Host, User-Agent, Accept, Cookie, Cache-Control
Response headers: Content-Type, Last-Modified, Set-Cookie, Cache-Control

What are the processes that happen when you type “http://somesite.com/some/page.html” into a browser?
==>URL is changed to IP address by DNS and HTTP request is sent to the server and server responds with website information
==>springboard: Your browser “resolves” the name into an IP address using DNS
Your browser makes a request to that IP address, including headers (info about browser, any previous cookies, and other things)
The server sends a response (typically, HTML, with a status code (200 if it was sucessful)
The browser makes a DOM from that HTML, and finds any other resources needed (images, CSS, JavaScript, etc)
The browser makes separate HTTP requests for those resources and receives response from the server for each 